Adapt template for the needs of metadata-service (#1)
ghga-de/metadata-repository-service: README.md

![tests](https://github.com/ghga-de/metadata-service/actions/workflows/unit_and_int_tests.yaml/badge.svg)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ghga-de/metadata-service/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=GYH99Y71CK)](https://codecov.io/gh/ghga-de/microservice-repository-template)

> # GHGA Metadata Service

Reviewer: I think we agreed that we shouldn't brand our services as GHGA specific (unless it really is) to facilitate re-usage by other projects.

```suggestion
# Metadata Repository Service - A service that manages and stores study- and dataset-related metadata
```

> The GHGA Metadata Service is a service that is responsible for reading from and writing to the Metadata Store.
> It provides an API layer on top of the Metadata Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Metadata Repository Service (MRS) is storing study- or dataset-related metadata and implements a RESTful API for controlled submission and manipulation of this metadata.
```
Could we change the description to something like this?

- infrastructural dependencies of the service (databases, etc.)
- all relevant vscode extensions pre-installed
- pre-configured linting and auto-formating
- a pre-configured debugger
- automatic license-header insertion

Moreover, inside the devcontainer, there are two convenience commands available
(please type them in the integrated terminal of vscode):
- `dev_install` - install the service with all development dependencies,
installs pre-commit, and applies any migration scripts to the test database
(please run that if you are starting the devcontainer for the first time
or if you added any python dependencies to the [`./setup.cfg`](./setup.cfg))
- `dev_launcher` - starts the service with the development config yaml
(located in the `./.devcontainer/` dir)

If you prefer not to use vscode, you could get a similar setup (without the editor specific features)
by running the following commands:
``` bash
# Execute in the repo's root dir:
cd ./.devcontainer

# build and run the environment with docker-compose
docker-compose up

# attach to the main container:
# (you can open multiple shell sessions like this)
docker exec -it devcontainer_app_1 /bin/bash
```

## License

> This repository is free to use and modify according to the [Apache 2.0 License](./LICENSE).

Reviewer: Could you re-add this part? It's suppose to contain some basic info on how to deploy the service or contribute to the development. Of course, you may make modifications but the paragraphs should be there:
- Documentation
- Quick Start:
  - Installation
  - Documentation
- Development
- License
